the other side of it is you gotta look
at the other digital businesses very
similar to you to me although it doesn't
appear so in the third since I'm not was
that is stock photography stock
photography is selling digital product
online and there was something happened
in the marketplace there was a price
point never arrived at and if you look
at that you can't predict what's gonna
happen with online education and you can
see what's gonna happen you gotta rinse
apps you've got you know you I think
about absolute absolute 234 pounds you
know remember when software used to be
minimum 20 25 30 there's there's a
destructive element comes into the
marketplace and so these are some of the
things you got me thinking that you're
looking at the shoot me business
starting to understand it because you
know it's disrupting me online
educational markets exile bringing the
price point death but it's also now
rolling out to the masses and that's
what happened in stock so what do you do
with it then so like you said you your
key to making money in the antique
scorers is that you invested lots of
money in educating yourself which had
appointment that you are buying books
there was no you to be there to take you
to be courses on Chinese so you studied
all these things you learned all about
the antique so you got a niche market
that you're doing you said you have to
look at things like the fact that
there's these disruptive elements not
recognizing the price look what happened
in the things went with people being
able to sell the stock photos look what
happened with the software now in the
pricing so what have you done with all
that information gathered through
educating yourself to me and looking at
these other types you know opportunities
for people were
running online businesses how have you
taken all information and put it
together to make me stop industry that
was really interested in anyone that
wants to watch what happened
anyone with a digital picture frame and
sell it and then what happened after
time with the images bill bill bill and
then the stock photography by raising
the standards and stars actually we
don't want this general stuff anymore so
you gotta get better and that was one
factor just one side or the other side
of it was the people that we talked
about this business
create the stock so they would be a
massive studio and in this studio you
know by the time a nice dinner million
dollars just on a stock photography
they would do is they would see which
images really selling well grounded
image and I would do so what their house
and he would have a kitchen in a setting
living room setting and so anytime an
office setting anytime you need to a
particular just got that they were
chanting and the point here is they were
running it like a manufacturing facility
so long term it was the guys that were
high quality content fast and they would
need for finding clusters are refined in
particular areas that were making money
so once you start seeing and
understanding when you start crying
courses you've actually got the switch
yet to switch from I'm gonna create
cause I think people will like to I'm
gonna create courses at the market ones
and they're two different things and
that's a big big switch when you realize
then your courses can start to make
money because now you're actually
delivering to market and then tell the
people have their ties into this idea of
creating high-quality content there how
do you the big costs in you to me
course creation that the biggest causes
time so I'm right now I'm so people can
see it so I MUST ok so purpose bill
studio green screen I'm set up what that
means is this I can walk in the stuff I
decided to do a course a three-course
from start to finish I think it took me
three days
courses about two and a half hours long
from start to finish now a new subject
really well so I wasn't researching you
get me but i sat down for this new free
course it to me three days why because
I'm gonna shoot your setup I got my
systems in place this is a business and
manufacturing business manufacturing
digital content that's one part as a
mental flip if you want to succeed on
you but that's one side of it is you
gotta make sure you've got production
capability in place you know me mess
around with sound you don't be sorry
record you don't want to go out your
whole system I filmed live live greens
slides everything is designed to get the
time down deliver the highest quality
possible in the shortest amount of time
ok but if you're seeing here if you paid
attention so Mark said just the other
day he mentioned so he's got a studio
setup so that he can get in here and he
can start filming right away he's got
stuff that he knows who you have to
spend a lot of time researching it and
he's ready to produce the course he's
got the course done in three days time
but how many of you paid attention to
the fact that he said he produced a
three course thing is your business
business you have to build a business to
business now you know that's not gained
building platform of parties we can talk
about exit strategies but this is a
platform that has the people that you
can let me give you a quick example I'm
released this new free course upon you
and I've got following and UJ back to
engage in discourse subject and two
weeks ago and I've add 1,250 views on
the twelve lectures
same course on YouTube in two weeks
about 1,500
running a successful business online is
this is a really simple principle you
are a marketing company sells digital
product you are marketing company that
sells training in this classic example
of this is Red Bull no I'm not
products I think so terrible product
people taking a much caffeine alone I'm
sure you'll agree on this very healthy
person but because she knows levels of
caffeine that Red Bull when you ask
people what the Red Bull do people say
oh Red Bull makes easy drinks and that's
not what Red Bull Red Bull our marketing
company itself is it reeks and if you
want everything I do consider how good
how far it goes there are marked in
company sells fizzy drinks so when you
wanna be a success to me really
important to understand this you need to
be a marketing company to solve a
specific subject and now and what most
people when they run a business they
concentrate on the
develop a product and they won't develop
the market but the most successful
businesses are ones that are best
marketing look at Apple look at the
iPhone ok what is Steve Jobs to combine
them credit people think the guy
invented iPhones he didn't hit a couple
of concepts are already working and he
marketed product but it wasn't bad
original you know if you know the
history of the devices you know
smartphones one not something that I
find invented it was it was a natural
progression in the marketplace they just
did it better and that's the difference
thank you get some people cause
everybody and you to me want how to
program you know this programming
language
twenty thousand pound in two months
that's because of high demand product
but everybody else
immortals we have to market a product
and that's where people go wrong because
they don't prioritize the Moxie business